
				README FILE

Object-Oriented Analysis & Design Discussion

Goal/problemed solved
	The goal of the program is to be able to have a list of text that can easily be changed with a command letter. 
	For example, removing, adding, going to the next or pervious line, and print the list. 

All inputs and outputs used by the client program
	Inputs and outputs of the client file would be the command lines and the files. 
	The command line arguments will bring in two variables, an integer and array of character. 
	The integer will hold the size of the array. While the array will hold the client file name at position 0 and the input file name at position 1. 
	The inputs also include bring in the data from the file, for this the fstream library is needed. 
	The outputs will consist at the end of the program with the information the Node List being inserted into the same file it came from. 

Outline
	Classes used
		In this program the follow libraries will be used, iostream, fstream, string, and cstdlid. Implemented classes will only include the line list class.  

	Classes being implemented.
		An implemented class for this program would be a doubly linked list for List of Nodes in, called a line list. 
		For example, this class will include methods for deletion, insertion, moving back, moving forward, the current position number,
		 the length, going to the top of the list, and going to the bottom of the list and printing the list. 

	Algorithm
		Libraries and implementation classes will be called, followed by the type name and parameters needed for the methods. 
		All methods asides from the main will contain a parameter of Node List taking the address of the input. 
		Both the Menu, Open file, and Save file, will include a parameter for the array of characters, coming from the command line. 
		
		Main bring in as command line argument the size of an array, and an array of character. 
		the variables in the main method consist of the creation of a node list, not contain dynamic memory. 
		Then a call to the open file method with inputs of the node list, and the array of character. 
		Followed by a call to the menu method with the same parameters. 

		Method to open file, with a while loop to insert the lines into a node list parameter that takes the input address, to allow changes. 

		Then a menu option of a loop that while something is true it continues asking for input, in this case how to edit the list. 
		The edit options will be broken down into different methods, for example backline(P), nex Line (N), Print Line(L), Insert(I), and delete Line(d);
		 all these methods will include a Line List variable taking the address of the input variable, to make consist changes. 

		The Print Line method will have a parameter for the address of a node list. 
		It will then have a call to the node list method for printing the node. 
		
		The Next Line method will have a parameter for the address of a node list. 
		It will then have a call to the node list method for moving to the next line. 
		
		The Back-Line method will have a parameter for the address of a node list.
		 It will then have a call to the node list method for moving the back, or to the previous line. 

		The Delete Line method will have a parameter for the address of a node list 
		It will then have a call to the node list method for deletion.

		The Insert method will have parameter for the address of a node list. 
		It will then have a string variable, and a user input to the string. 
		A Call to the node list method for inserting a node into the list, using the string as the input.

		The end of the program will occur when the user chooses to type e/E and the data that have be changed by the user, 
		will be taken to a method to save the new data to the file. 



